Now, let's start
with one of the most important questions
to make sense of this entire course section.
And that question, of course, is, what are containers?
And here for this section,
I mean Docker containers when I say containers,
but most people mean Docker containers
when they say containers.
So, what are these Docker containers?
Though the idea behind containers,
no matter if they're Docker containers or not,
is generally the same
when we're talking about them in the context of development.
Because the idea behind such containers
is that you create packages, you could say,
that contain both your code, your application,
or website code
as well as the environment that's needed
to execute or build that code.
And the advantage of using this container approach
where you build these packages
is that you build a reproducible execution environments
where you always know that this code with its environment
will run in exactly the same way.
Because if you just have your code,
and you then run it on machine A and machine B,
those machines naturally have different configurations,
different operating system versions,
different software installed.
With containers, you have isolated environments,
isolated packages with clearly defined software,
and you have always exactly the same execution environment
no matter where you then run this container.
That's the idea behind such containers.